README.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->


- [Upcase](#upcase)
- [Development](#development)
  - [Rules of the road](#rules-of-the-road)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Designing In The Browser](#designing-in-the-browser)
  - [Protocol](#protocol)
  - [Continuous Integration](#continuous-integration)
  - [Ongoing](#ongoing)
  - [Amazon AWS S3](#amazon-aws-s3)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [Sending email on staging](#sending-email-on-staging)
- [Viewing email in development](#viewing-email-in-development)
- [Product Management](#product-management)
- [Admin Access](#admin-access)
- [Testing With User Accounts](#testing-with-user-accounts)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Upcase

Upcase is a Rails application deployed to Heroku.
This project is in **maintenance mode** and is not being actively developed.

# Development

## Rules of the road

This project is now following Sandi Metz's Rules.

You can read a [description of the rules here](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/sandi-metz-rules-for-developers).

All new code should follow these rules. If you make changes in a pre-existing
file that violates these rules you should fix the violations as part of
your work.

## Setup

1. Get the code.

        % git clone git@github.com:thoughtbot/upcase.git

2. Setup your environment.

        % bin/setup

3. Start the application.

        % bin/dev

4. Verify that the app is up and running.

        % open http://localhost:5000/upcase

## Designing In The Browser

We are using `https://github.com/guard/guard-livereload` and
`https://github.com/johnbintz/rack-livereload`. When you save a file, the open
browser will automatically refresh, and you can view your changes.

Run `bundle exec guard` to start the guard server to auto refresh your browser.

## Protocol

1. Look for cards in the **Next Up** list.
2. When you start a card, add yourself and move the card to the **In Progress**
   list.
3. When opening a pull request, move the card to the **Code Review** list and
   ask in Slack for a review.
4. Once the review is complete, merge into master as usual. Wait for CI to
   finish running the build.
5. Once CI is finished running the build, it will deploy to staging. Move the
   card to **On Staging for acceptance** at this time. Comment on the card with
  acceptance instructions. Include a URL to staging. Ask in Slack for
  acceptance.

In order to avoid bottlenecks and confusion:

* Try to only work on one card at a time. Bring all the way from **Next Up** to
  **Verified on staging** as quickly as possible.
* Prioritize reviewing others' work, both during code reviews and acceptance on
  staging.
* Feel free to be persistent when looking for reviews and acceptance.

For more information, check out the [guides] and [Playbook].

[guides]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/protocol/rails
[Playbook]: http://playbook.thoughtbot.com/#tasks

## Ongoing

* Run test suite before committing to the master branch.

        % rake

* Reset development data as needed.

        % rake dev:prime

* Dump production data into your local db. (Note that you need to drop your
  local database first).

        % rake db:drop
        % heroku pg:pull DATABASE_URL upcase_development -r production

* To test that adding/removing GitHub users works, use the GitHub user
  "cpyteltest".

## Amazon AWS S3

To test integration with AWS S3, set the following environment variables:

    AWS_BUCKET
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

## Deployment

CircleCI deploys to staging automatically when a build passes on master.

Once your changes have been verified on staging, deploy to production:

    ./bin/deploy production

## Sending email on staging

We override the recipient on staging to be `ENV['EMAIL_RECIPIENTS']` so that no
one else can receive email from the staging server.

We have it set to `learn+staging@thoughtbot.com`, which is a mailing list.
Instead of changing the variable, ask to be put on the mailing list.

To set it:

    heroku config:set EMAIL_RECIPIENTS=gabe@thoughtbot.com,melissa@apprentice.io -r staging

To see what the current recipient is:

    heroku config:get EMAIL_RECIPIENTS -r staging

# Viewing email in development

To preview how emails look in the browser without having to send them (via
staging) you can visit the rails mailer preview index and navigate to the
emails that have preview classes implemented.

To preview the emails point your browser to
`http://localhost:5000/rails/mailers` and select the mailer there.

# Product Management

Check the [Upcase processes] repository for guides on where to find and how to
do common tasks like customer support, content production, related repositories
and trello boards, and others.

[Upcase processes]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/upcase-processes

# Admin Access

1. Register on the [Upcase](https://upcase.com/sign_up) site.

2. Update your user.

        % heroku run console -r production
        % user = User.find_by_email('foo@example.com')
        % user.admin = true
        % user.save!
        % exit

3. Access the [general admin panel](http://upcase.com/admin) or
   the [workshop admin panel](http://upcase.com/admin).

# Testing With User Accounts

The `rake dev:prime` task will create user accounts that you can test with in
development mode.

# License

This application is Copyright © 2007 thoughtbot, inc.

If you submit a Contribution to this application's source code, you hereby grant
to thoughtbot, inc. a worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive, perpetual and
irrevocable license, with the right to grant or transfer an unlimited number of
non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses to third parties, under the Copyright
covering the Contribution to use the Contribution by all means, including but
not limited to:

* to publish the Contribution,
* to modify the Contribution, to prepare Derivative Works based upon or
  containing the Contribution and to combine the Contribution with other
  software code,
* to reproduce the Contribution in original or modified form,
* to distribute, to make the Contribution available to the public, display and
  publicly perform the Contribution in original or modified form.

# Credits

Thank you to all [the contributors](https://github.com/thoughtbot/upcase/contributors)!

<!-- START /templates/footer.md -->
## About thoughtbot

![thoughtbot](https://thoughtbot.com/thoughtbot-logo-for-readmes.svg)

This repo is maintained and funded by thoughtbot, inc.
The names and logos for thoughtbot are trademarks of thoughtbot, inc.

We love open source software!
See [our other projects][community].
We are [available for hire][hire].

[community]: https://thoughtbot.com/community?utm_source=github
[hire]: https://thoughtbot.com/hire-us?utm_source=github


<!-- END /templates/footer.md -->

Commit message:

Add guideline for educational content creation

README.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->


- [Upcase](#upcase)
- [Course Authoring](#course-authoring)
- [Development](#development)
  - [Rules of the road](#rules-of-the-road)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Designing In The Browser](#designing-in-the-browser)
  - [Protocol](#protocol)
  - [Continuous Integration](#continuous-integration)
  - [Ongoing](#ongoing)
  - [Amazon AWS S3](#amazon-aws-s3)
  - [Deployment](#deployment)
  - [Sending email on staging](#sending-email-on-staging)
- [Viewing email in development](#viewing-email-in-development)
- [Product Management](#product-management)
- [Admin Access](#admin-access)
- [Testing With User Accounts](#testing-with-user-accounts)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

# Upcase

Upcase is a Rails application deployed to Heroku.
This project is in **maintenance mode** and is not being actively developed.

# Course Authoring

Want to contribute to our educational content?

👉 [Read the Course Authoring Guide](./trail-authoring/COURSE_GUIDE.md)

# Development

## Rules of the road

This project is now following Sandi Metz's Rules.

You can read a [description of the rules here](https://thoughtbot.com/blog/sandi-metz-rules-for-developers).

All new code should follow these rules. If you make changes in a pre-existing
file that violates these rules you should fix the violations as part of
your work.

## Setup

1. Get the code.

        % git clone git@github.com:thoughtbot/upcase.git

2. Setup your environment.

        % bin/setup

3. Start the application.

        % bin/dev

4. Verify that the app is up and running.

        % open http://localhost:5000/upcase

## Designing In The Browser

We are using `https://github.com/guard/guard-livereload` and
`https://github.com/johnbintz/rack-livereload`. When you save a file, the open
browser will automatically refresh, and you can view your changes.

Run `bundle exec guard` to start the guard server to auto refresh your browser.

## Protocol

1. Look for cards in the **Next Up** list.
2. When you start a card, add yourself and move the card to the **In Progress**
   list.
3. When opening a pull request, move the card to the **Code Review** list and
   ask in Slack for a review.
4. Once the review is complete, merge into master as usual. Wait for CI to
   finish running the build.
5. Once CI is finished running the build, it will deploy to staging. Move the
   card to **On Staging for acceptance** at this time. Comment on the card with
  acceptance instructions. Include a URL to staging. Ask in Slack for
  acceptance.

In order to avoid bottlenecks and confusion:

* Try to only work on one card at a time. Bring all the way from **Next Up** to
  **Verified on staging** as quickly as possible.
* Prioritize reviewing others' work, both during code reviews and acceptance on
  staging.
* Feel free to be persistent when looking for reviews and acceptance.

For more information, check out the [guides] and [Playbook].

[guides]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/guides/tree/master/protocol/rails
[Playbook]: http://playbook.thoughtbot.com/#tasks

## Ongoing

* Run test suite before committing to the master branch.

        % rake

* Reset development data as needed.

        % rake dev:prime

* Dump production data into your local db. (Note that you need to drop your
  local database first).

        % rake db:drop
        % heroku pg:pull DATABASE_URL upcase_development -r production

* To test that adding/removing GitHub users works, use the GitHub user
  "cpyteltest".

## Amazon AWS S3

To test integration with AWS S3, set the following environment variables:

    AWS_BUCKET
    AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
    AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

## Deployment

CircleCI deploys to staging automatically when a build passes on master.

Once your changes have been verified on staging, deploy to production:

    ./bin/deploy production

## Sending email on staging

We override the recipient on staging to be `ENV['EMAIL_RECIPIENTS']` so that no
one else can receive email from the staging server.

We have it set to `learn+staging@thoughtbot.com`, which is a mailing list.
Instead of changing the variable, ask to be put on the mailing list.

To set it:

    heroku config:set EMAIL_RECIPIENTS=gabe@thoughtbot.com,melissa@apprentice.io -r staging

To see what the current recipient is:

    heroku config:get EMAIL_RECIPIENTS -r staging

# Viewing email in development

To preview how emails look in the browser without having to send them (via
staging) you can visit the rails mailer preview index and navigate to the
emails that have preview classes implemented.

To preview the emails point your browser to
`http://localhost:5000/rails/mailers` and select the mailer there.

# Product Management

Check the [Upcase processes] repository for guides on where to find and how to
do common tasks like customer support, content production, related repositories
and trello boards, and others.

[Upcase processes]: https://github.com/thoughtbot/upcase-processes

# Admin Access

1. Register on the [Upcase](https://upcase.com/sign_up) site.

2. Update your user.

        % heroku run console -r production
        % user = User.find_by_email('foo@example.com')
        % user.admin = true
        % user.save!
        % exit

3. Access the [general admin panel](http://upcase.com/admin) or
   the [workshop admin panel](http://upcase.com/admin).

# Testing With User Accounts

The `rake dev:prime` task will create user accounts that you can test with in
development mode.

# License

This application is Copyright © 2007 thoughtbot, inc.

If you submit a Contribution to this application's source code, you hereby grant
to thoughtbot, inc. a worldwide, royalty-free, exclusive, perpetual and
irrevocable license, with the right to grant or transfer an unlimited number of
non-exclusive licenses or sublicenses to third parties, under the Copyright
covering the Contribution to use the Contribution by all means, including but
not limited to:

* to publish the Contribution,
* to modify the Contribution, to prepare Derivative Works based upon or
  containing the Contribution and to combine the Contribution with other
  software code,
* to reproduce the Contribution in original or modified form,
* to distribute, to make the Contribution available to the public, display and
  publicly perform the Contribution in original or modified form.

# Credits

Thank you to all [the contributors](https://github.com/thoughtbot/upcase/contributors)!

<!-- START /templates/footer.md -->
## About thoughtbot

![thoughtbot](https://thoughtbot.com/thoughtbot-logo-for-readmes.svg)

This repo is maintained and funded by thoughtbot, inc.
The names and logos for thoughtbot are trademarks of thoughtbot, inc.

We love open source software!
See [our other projects][community].
We are [available for hire][hire].

[community]: https://thoughtbot.com/community?utm_source=github
[hire]: https://thoughtbot.com/hire-us?utm_source=github


<!-- END /templates/footer.md -->
