HoptoadNotifier
===============

This is the notifier plugin for integrating apps with Hoptoad.

When an uncaught exception occurs, HoptoadNotifier will POST the relevant data 
to the Hoptoad server specified in your environment.


INSTALLATION

From your project's RAILS_ROOT, run:

  script/plugin install git://github.com/thoughtbot/hoptoad_notifier.git

CONFIGURATION

You should have something like this in config/initializers/hoptoad.rb.

  HoptoadNotifier.configure do |config|
    config.api_key = '1234567890abcdef'
  end
  
(Please note that this configuration should be in a global configuration, and
is *not* enrivonment-specific. Hoptoad is smart enough to know what errors are
caused by what environments, so your staging errors don't get mixed in with
your production errors.)

Then, to enable hoptoad in your application, include this code...

  include HoptoadNotifier::Catcher

...in your ApplicationController, and all exceptions will be logged to Hoptoad
where they can be aggregated, filtered, sorted, analyzed, massaged, and
searched.

** NOTE FOR RAILS 1.2.* USERS: **
You will need to copy the hoptoad_notifier_tasks.rake file into your
RAILS_ROOT/lib/tasks directory in order for the following to work:

You can test that hoptoad is working in your production environment by using 
this rake task (from RAILS_ROOT):

  rake hoptoad:test

If everything is configured properly, that task will send a notice to hoptoad 
which will be visible immediately.

USAGE

For the most part, hoptoad works for itself.  Once you've included the notifier 
in your ApplicationController, all errors will be rescued by the 
#rescue_action_in_public provided by the plugin.

If you want to log arbitrary things which you've rescued yourself from a 
controller, you can do something like this:

  ...
  rescue => ex
    notify_hoptoad(ex)
    flash[:failure] = 'Encryptions could not be rerouted, try again.'
  end
  ...

The #notify_hoptoad call will send the notice over to hoptoad for later 
analysis.


FILTERING

You can specify a whitelist of errors, that Hoptoad will not report on.  Use 
this feature when you are so apathetic to certain errors that you don't want 
them even logged.

This filter will only be applied to automatic notifications, not manual 
notifications (when #notify is called directly).

Hoptoad ignores the following exceptions by default:
  ActiveRecord::RecordNotFound
  ActionController::RoutingError
  ActionController::InvalidAuthenticityToken
  CGI::Session::CookieStore::TamperedWithCookie
  
To ignore errors in addition to those, specify their names in your Hoptoad 
configuration block.

  HoptoadNotifier.configure do |config|
    config.api_key      = '1234567890abcdef'
    config.ignore       << ActiveRecord::IgnoreThisError
  end

To ignore *only* certain errors (and override the defaults), use the 
#ignore_only attribute.

  HoptoadNotifier.configure do |config|
    config.api_key      = '1234567890abcdef'
    config.ignore_only  = [ActiveRecord::IgnoreThisError]
  end


TESTING

When you run your tests, you might notice that the hoptoad service is recording
notices generated using #notify when you don't expect it to.  You can 
use code like this in your test_helper.rb to redefine that method so those 
errors are not reported while running tests.

  module HoptoadNotifier::Catcher
    def notify(thing)
      # do nothing.
    end
  end
